©2025 The MITRE Corporation. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 
The author's affiliation with The MITRE Corporation is provided for identification purposes only, and is not intended to convey or imply MITRE's concurrence with, or support for, the positions, opinions, or viewpoints expressed by the author.'©2025 The MITRE Corporation. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
NOTICE
 
This software was produced for the U. S. Government under Basic Contract No. W56KGU-18-D-0004, and is subject to the Rights in Noncommercial Computer Software and Noncommercial Computer Software Documentation Clause 252.227-7014 (FEB 2014)

# Autogenerating Certificates

GraphEx will automatically generate SSL certificates for you using pyopenssl if you don't provide them. Note that it will generate new certificates for each directory served from (if you don't explicitly set a certificates path).

# Providing Certificates
You can tell the GraphEx where your certificate files are with the following flag: <br />
-s /path/to/certificate/directory <br />

Or by providing the key+value pair in the config file: <br />
ssl_certificates_path: "/path/to/certificate/directory" <br />

Certificates for SSL must be provided to that directory with the names: <br />
cert.pem and key.pem <br />

# Generating Self-Signed Certificates (Manual Example)
On Unix systems, run: <br />
./generate_certs.sh <br />

The command 'openssl' must be available on the system <br />

The generated certificates do not have to remain in this directory, feel free to move them to an easier path to provide to GraphEx <br />

This script only creates (usable) dummy certificates and is only provided as an example. This script is deprecated in favor of the autogenerated certificates creating using pure python when GraphEx first runs as a server.
